[video_player_avplay] Remove wrong information in README (#687)
flutter-tizen/plugins: packages/video_player_avplay/README.md

## Limitations

> DRM content playback is not supported on TV emulators.

Reviewer: Even not buildable.

```suggestion
This plugin is not supported on TV emulators.
```
